This article provides a guide on performing essential configurations in the Emergency panel. This functionality allows you to end all ongoing sessions or freeze access for predefined devices. The panel also allows you to block access to senhasegura, even through API or GO Endpoint Manager, for a specified period.

## Requirements

* A user with the [**System Administrator**](/v3-32/docs/auditing-permissions) role. This role is the only one with the System.EmergencyPanel.Control permission.
* An [**active MFA**](/v3-32/docs/user-management-add-multi-factor-authentication) for the user.



---

## Terminate sessions

CautionPerforming this action will end all ongoing sessions managed by senhasegura. To prevent users from starting new sessions, activate the Freezing or Lockdown.To terminate sessions, follow these steps:

1. In the top right corner, click **Emergency panel**, identified by the caution icon.
2. Select **Terminate sessions**.
3. On the new page, enter the **Access token** generated by your MFA solution.
4. Click **Validate token**.
5. Enter the **Justification** and, if necessary, a [**Governance Code**](/v3-32/docs/itsm-integration).
6. Click **Apply** to complete the termination.



---

## Freezing

CautionUsers won’t be able to start new sessions on predefined devices when activating the Freezing. Only administrator users can start sessions during freezes.

### Requirements

* Enable the **Block during freezes?** field in the PAM Core Access group settings.

To prevent the start of sessions on specific devices, follow these steps:

1. In the top right corner, click **Emergency panel**, identified by the caution icon.
2. Select **Freezing**.
3. On the new page, enter the **Access token** generated by your MFA solution.
4. Click **Validate token**.
5. Set the freeze **Start** and **Duration**.
6. Enter the **Justification** and, if necessary, a [**Governance Code**](/v3-32/docs/itsm-integration).
7. Click **Save** to set the freeze.

The freeze applies only to devices in [**Access Groups**](/v3-32/docs/pam-session-access-groups-report) with the **Block during freezes?** field enabled. These users are informed that their access to devices is blocked until the end of the freeze. During the freeze period, the user can track the time left until it ends.

CautionEditing an access group during the freeze period may change the list of affected devices.### Cancel freeze

1. In the top left corner, click **Grid Menu ⁝⁝⁝**, identified by the box with nine squares, and select **Reports**.
2. Select **Emergency panel ➔ Freezing**.
3. Locate the freeze. You can suspend only freezes with pending or ongoing status.
4. Click **Cancel**, identified by the trash bin icon.
5. On the new page, enter the **Access token** generated by your MFA solution.
6. Enter the **Justification** and, if necessary, a **Governance Code**.
7. Click **Save** to end the freeze.

InfoIn the **Action** column, you'll also find the **Details** and **Devices** items, which offer additional information about the events.

---

## Lockdown

CautionAll accesses, including the web interface, API calls, and GO Endpoint Manager users, will be blocked when activating the Lockdown. All ongoing sessions will be terminated, and all users will be logged out. Only administrator users can access senhasegura via the web interface during the lockdown.

AttentionThis option can cause downtime for services using senhasegura via API.

To interrupt all sessions, follow these steps:

1. In the top right corner, click **Emergency panel**, identified by the caution icon.
2. Select **Lockdown**.
3. On the new page, enter the **Access token** generated by your MFA solution.
4. Click **Validate token**.
5. Set the lockdown **Start** and **Duration**.
6. Enter the **Justification** and, if necessary, a [**Governance Code**](/v3-32/docs/itsm-integration).
7. Click **Save** to set the lockdown.

The platform informs users that their access to devices is blocked. During the lockdown period, users can track the time left until it ends.

API calls will receive the following message:


```
{
    "response": {
        "status": 503,
        "mensagem": "senhasegura is under Lockdown until 09/08/2022 22:54:00",
        "erro": true,
        "cod_erro": 100,
        "message": "senhasegura is under Lockdown until 09/08/2022 22:54:00",
        "error": true,
        "error_code": 100
    }
}
```
### Cancel lockdown

1. In the top left corner, click **Grid Menu ⁝⁝⁝**, identified by the box with nine squares, and select **Reports**.
2. Select **Emergency panel ➔ Lockdown**.
3. Locate the lockdown. You can suspend only lockdowns with pending or ongoing status.
4. Click **Cancel**, identified by the trash bin icon.
5. On the new page, enter the **Access token** generated by your MFA solution.
6. Enter the **Justification** and, if necessary, a **Governance Code**.
7. Click **Save** to end the lockdown.

InfoIn the **Action** column, you'll also find the **Details** item, which offers additional information about the events.

---

## Emergency Panel Notifications

To add notifications, follow these steps:

1. In the top left corner, click **Grid Menu ⁝⁝⁝**, identified by the box with nine squares, and select **Settings**.
2. Select **Notifications ➔ Settings**.
3. In the top right corner, click **View actions**, identified by the three vertical dots icon.
4. Select **New notification**.
5. For the **Notification name**, set a title.
6. Choose how to notify the user: Email, Screen, or SMS.
7. Check **Send notifications only to contacts who have access to credentials or devices** if you want to restrict the recipients.
8. In the **Notifications** tab, click on the icon identified by the plus sign.
9. In the **Category** field, select **Emergency panel**.
10. Click **Filter**.
11. Choose among the options linked to the Emergency panel.
12. Click **Add**.
13. In the **Contacts** tab, click on the icon identified by the plus sign to add users who will receive the notifications.
14. Click **Save** to set the notification.

InfoTo learn more about Notifications, refer to the [**section on this topic**](/v3-32/docs/notifications).

---

Do you still have questions? Reach out to the [**senhasegura Community**](https://community.senhasegura.io/).

