# First steps with Cloud Security

In this document, you’ll find a guide for new users to get started with **Cloud Security**.

## Step 1: Register your user

1. Access the [**Cloud Security**](https://cloud.senhasegura.app/) website.  
2. Click the **Register for free** button.  
3. In the **Email \*** field, enter your email address.  
4. In the **Password \*** field, enter your password.  
5. In the **Confirm password \*** field, enter your password again.  
6. In the **First name \*** field, enter your first name.  
7. In the **Last name \*** field, enter your last name.  
8. Check the **I’m not a robot** box.  
9. Click **Register**.

## Step 2: Set up the mobile authenticator

1. Install one of the following applications on your mobile:
    - FreeOTP.  
    - Google Authenticator.  
    - Microsoft Authenticator.  
2. Open the authenticator app and scan the QR code.  
3. Input the one-time code generated by the app.  
4. Enter a name to help you manage your OTP devices.  
5. Click **Submit**.

## Step 3: Accept the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

1. Click the **Terms of Service and Privacy Policy** link to read **Cloud Security's** terms.  
2. If you agree, click **Accept**.

## Step 4: Verify your email

1. Open your email and locate the **Cloud Security** confirmation email.  
2. Click **Verify account** to open a new page.  
3. Click **Click here** to proceed and wait for the confirmation message.  
4. Click **Back to application**.

## Step 5: Choose your onboarding path

Choose between the following options for getting started with **Cloud Security**:

### Option 1: Sandbox mode

Choose Sandbox mode to explore features in a simulated and secure environment. If necessary, see more information in [About Sandbox mode](https://docs.senhasegura.io/v4/docs/cloud-security-about-sandbox-mode).

### Option 2: Request access

Choose this option to email a request for a tenant administrator to get access to the **Cloud Security** environment.

### Option 3: Create an organization

Choose this option for a comprehensive administrator experience and the ability to invite other people to your organization and tenants. To learn more about organizations, see more information in [About Cloud Security’s architecture](https://docs.senhasegura.io/v4/docs/cloud-security-about-cloud-securitys-architecture).