# How to manage identity providers

You can add or remove identity providers in Segura. To do this, follow the steps below.

## Add new provider

1. On Segura, in the navigation bar, hover over the **Products menu** and select **Settings**.
2. In the side menu, select **Provisioning > Identify Management (IGA) > Providers**.
3. Click the **Add** button.
1. In the **Register Identity management provider** screen:
    1. **Name**: fill in the name of the identity card.
    2. **Protocol**: select the protocol to be used from the drop-down menu.
    3. **Add users to Domum?**: select from the drop-down menu whether you want to synchronize this identity provider with Segura Domum.
       1. Once saved, this information cannot be modified.
    4. **Enabled**: select from the radio button whether you want to create this provider active.
    5. **Description**: provide a description of this new provider.
    7. **Tags**: add tags for this new provider.
    8. **Authentication method**: select the authentication method to be used by this provider from the drop-down menu.
    9. **Date/Time Expiration**: in the first field, enter the expiration date of the token generated by Segura. In the second field, enter the expiration time.
       1. Although the time field provides 15-minute intervals, you can enter any time, as long as it is valid, in this field.
    10. **Allowed IPs (enter * to allow any IP)**: when you click on the add button, a text field opens below, allowing you to enter one or more IP addresses from which API requests will be allowed.
       1. Enter an asterisk if you want to allow connection from any IP address.
       2. To delete a registered IP address, click on the button represented by the trash can icon on the left-hand side of the parameter.
    11. **Allowed referers (empty list for any origin)**: when you click on the add button, a text field opens below, allowing you to enter an HTTP referer to which authentication will be allowed.
       1. Leave the field blank if you want to allow connection from any referrer.
       2. To delete a registered referrer, click on the button represented by the trash can icon on the left-hand side of the parameter.
4. Click **Save** on either tab to save the new provider settings.

## Update provider

1. On Segura, in the navigation bar, hover over the **Products menu** and select **Settings**.
2. In the side menu, select **Provisioning > Identify Management (IGA) > Providers**.
3. Identify the register you want to update.
4. Click the **Actions** button and select **Edit provider**.
5. The **Register Identity management provider** screen will open in edit mode.
6. Change the parameters you want and click **Save**.

## Provider details

You can obtain details of each provider registered with Segura. To do this, follow the steps below:

1. On Segura, in the navigation bar, hover over the **Products menu** and select **Settings**.
2. In the side menu, select **Provisioning > Identify Management (IGA) > Providers**.
3. Identify the register you want to update.
4. Click the **Actions** button and select **Provider details**.
5. The **Register Identity Management Provider** window will open in preview mode. In this window, you have the following information:
   1. **Provider**: indicates which authentication provider is used by the provider.
   2. **Authentication method**: indicates the authentication method (name) of the provider.
   3. **Status**: indicates the status of the provider.
   4. **Description**: indicates the descriptive text about the provider.
   5. **Tags**: indicates the tags related to the provider.
   6. **Base URL**: indicates the base URL for making the API call. The URL will be the same as your Segura instance. Example: `https://segura.com/iso/scim/v2`
   7. **Token URL**: indicates the URL of the Segura authentication token. The URL will be the same as your Segura instance. Example: `https://segura.com/iso/token/v2`
   8. **Client ID**: indicates Segura's identification key so API calls can be made.
   9. **Client Secret**: indicates Segura's secret key so that calls can be made via API.
      1. To view the keys' values for both `Client ID` and `Client Secret`, click on the eye button next to each field.
      2. You can only view one key at a time.

## Delete provider

You can delete a provider registered with Segura. To do this, follow the steps below:

1. On Segura, in the navigation bar, hover over the **Products menu** and select **Settings**.
2. In the side menu, select **Provisioning > Identify Management (IGA) > Providers**.
3. Identify the register you want to update.
4. Click the **Actions** button and select **Delete provider**.
5. In the confirmation modal, select **Yes** to confirm the provider's deletion.

---

Do you still have questions? Reach out to the [Segura Community](https://community.senhasegura.io/).