# GET | List a password by [identifier]

Access a password information in **MySafe**.

## Prerequisites
* Password access in **MySafe**.


## Request


 <code><span style="color:orange"> GET</code></span> `api/mysafe/password/[identifier]`

## Request parameters
Send the parameter below in the **path** of the URL.

* <summary><code>identifier</code> - <b>int</b> - <span style="color:red">required</span> - Unique identification code of the password.</summary><b>Note</b>: this value is automatically assigned by Segura in <a href="/v4/docs/api-post-create-password">POST | Create password</a> and is obtained in the response to the <a href="/v4/docs/api-get-list-all-passwords">GET | List all passwords</a>.</summary>


### Example request

<code><span style="color:orange"> GET</code></span> `{{url}}api/mysafe/password/5`  
  
  ## Response

 ```json
HTTP/1.1 200 OK 
```
```json
{
    "code": 200,
    "response": {
        "status": 200,
        "message": "Success",
        "error": false,
        "error_code": 0,
        "detail": "",
        "Message": "Success",
        "erro": false,
        "cod_erro": 0
    },
    "password_entity": {
        "identifier": "5",
        "name": "gmail corporate",
        "url": "www.gmail.com",
        "username": "corporateuser@gmail.com",
        "password": "7yha&thisismycorporatepassword78%h",
        "secret_key": null,
        "token": null,
        "notes": "my gmail password",
        "tags": "gmail",
        "users_allowed": [],
        "groups_allowed": []
    }
}
```
 
 ### Response body fields

    
<summary>&#8226; <code>passwords_entity</code> - <b>array of objects</b> - Password data.</summary>

<br>
<summary>&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;→ <code>identifier</code> - <b>string</b> - Numeric unique identification code of the password.</summary>
    
<br>
<summary>&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;→ <code>name</code> - <b>string</b> - Name of the password.</summary>

<br>
<summary>&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;→ <code>url</code> - <b>string</b> - URL of the website where the password is being used.</summary>

<br>
<summary>&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;→ <code>username</code> - <b>string</b> Username used to access the account.
</summary>

<br>
<summary>&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;→ <code>password</code> - <b>string</b> - The password that's being added.</summary>


<br>
<summary>&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;→ <code>secret_key</code> - <b>string</b> - The secret key provided for multi-factor authentication.</summary>

<br>
<summary>&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;→ <code>token</code> - <b>string</b> - The TOTP code generated by Segura for multi-factor authentication based on the secret key provided in <a href = "/v3-33/docs/api-post-create-password">POST | Create password</a>.</summary>

<br>
 <summary>&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;→ <code>tags</code> - <b>string</b> - Keywords associated with the password.</summary>

<br>
 <summary>&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;→ <code>users_allowed</code> - <b>string</b> - <b>array of objects</b> - Data of the users with password access.</summary>
 
<br>   
<summary>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;→ <code>username</code> - <b>string</b> - Name of the user with password access permission.</summary>
    
  <br>   
<summary>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;→ <code>can_write</code> - <b>boolean</b> - Editing permission.</summary>

<br>
:::(Warning) (Attention)
Users with <code>can_write</code> = <code>true</code> permission can disable the password.
:::
    
 <br>
 <summary>&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;→ <code>groups_allowed</code> - <b>string</b> - <b>array of objects</b> - Data of the groups with password access.</summary>
 
<br>   
<summary>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;→ <code>name</code> - <b>string</b> - Name of the group with password access permission.</summary>
    
  <br>   
<summary>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&emsp;&emsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;→ <code>can_write</code> - <b>boolean</b> - Editing permission.</summary>

<br>
:::(Warning) (Attention)
Group members with <code>can_write</code> = <code>true</code> permission can disable the password.
:::
    

 ## Errors

<details>
<summary><b><span style="color:red">400</span> - Bad Request</b>.</summary>

***
<b>Message: "1010: Unexpected identifier type"</b>
<p><b>Possible cause</b>: the <code>identifier</code> sent wasn't recognized as valid.<br></p>
<b>Solution</b>: check the value for the <code>identifier</code> and resend the request.
  
* * *
<b>Message: "1005: Password not found"</b>
<p><b>Possible cause</b>: the password wasn't found.<br></p>
<b>Solution</b>: check the value for the <code>identifier</code> and resend the request.

    
* * *
    
<b>Message: "1006: User does not have access"</b>
<p><b>Possible cause</b>: user isn't allowed to access the item.<br></p>

 ***
<b>Message: "1009: Inactive password"</b>
<p><b>Possible cause</b>: the password is inactive.<br></p>
 <b>Solution</b>: enable the password through  <code><span style="color:blue"> PUT</code></span> <code>api/mysafe/password/active[identifier]</code>.

 ***
</details> 
    
<details>
    <summary><b><span style="color:red">500</span> - Internal Server Error</b>.</summary>

***
    
<b>Message: "Unexpected error."</b><br>

<p><b>Possible cause</b>: the error is in the Segura server.<br>
        
<b>Solution</b>: contact the support team for more information.</p>
    
 ***
 </details>
 
 <details>
    <summary><b>No route matched with those values.</b></summary>

 ***
    
<b>Message: "You are not authorized to access this resource."</b>
<p><b>Possíveis causas</b>: failure in your application authentication with the Segura server.<br>
        
<b>Solution</b>: check the authentication parameters such as <code>Access Token URL</code>, <code>Client ID</code> and  <code>Client Secret</code> and request a new access token or check and correct the URL. 
* * *
</details>
     
<details>
<summary><b>An invalid response was received from the upstream server
</b>.</summary>

*** 
   
<b>Message: "An invalid response was received from the a seupstream server</b>
    
<p><b>Possible cause</b>: the upstream server may be taking too long to respond, leading to a timeout error that is interpreted as an invalid response by the proxy/gateway server.<br>
        
<b>Solution</b>: check the connectivity between the source of the request and the Segura server.
***
</details>
     
   

<details>
<summary><b>The upstream server is timing out</b>.</summary>

*** 
    
<b>Message: "The upstream server is timing out"</b>
    
<p><b>Possible cause</b>: the request time has expired.
        
<b>Solution</b>: check the connectivity between the source of the request and the Segura server.</p>
* * *
</details>


     