# How to make an SSH Multihop connection via Terminal Proxy 2.0

This document provides information about a step-by-step guide on how to make an SSH connection with Multihop via Terminal Proxy.

This type of access is used to facilitate access to the target device in applications that don’t provide interactive prompts and to perform access by skipping the Segura shell step. Multihop serves to connect directly to the destination without the need to perform additional steps.

## Requirements

* Have a command prompt-type application installed.

---
## Access using multihop
Use the following syntax depending on the desired access, replacing the strings with the values ​​described in the table below:

| **String** | **Description** |
| :---- | :---- |
| **senhasegura_user** | User of the Segura vault. |
| **senhasegura_vault** | Hostname or IP address of the Segura vault. |
| **credential** | User’s credential you want to use for access. |
| **target_device** | Hostname or IP address of the device you want to access. |
| **domain** | Domain name associated with the device or credential. |
| **mfa_token** | Code generated by MFA Token. |

:::(warning) (**Attention**)  
When your password is reset or expires, the terminal will display a message warning that the password needs to be changed and display the steps that the user must take to register a new password through the web interface.  
:::

## Multi-tenant access

Multi-tenant access **is only possible** through Proxy 2.0.

:::(warning) (**Attention**)  
If the tenant isn’t informed, the system will consider the Segura tenant.  
:::

**Multihop connection with Multi-tenant:**  
`senhasegura_user[credential@target_device]%tenant_name@senhasegura_vault`

**Multihop SSH key connection with Multi-tenant:**  
`senhasegura_user[key\credential@target_device]%tenant_name@senhasegura_vault`

**Multihop domain credential connection with Multi-tenant:**  
`senhasegura_user[domain\credential@target_device]%tenant_name@senhasegura_vault`

**Multihop connection with MFA (TOTP) with Multi-tenant:**  
`senhasegura_user[credential@target_device]mfa_token%tenant_name@senhasegura_vault`

---

## Access using Proxy 2.0

When accessing a device with more than one connectivity type registered through Proxy 2.0 using Terminal Proxy, users will be presented with a protocol selection screen, the options being SSH or Telnet.

1. Open the **command prompt** app of your preference.  
2. Digite os dados de acesso:  
   1. `ssh senhasegura_user[credential@target_device]@senhasegura_vault`  
3. Follow the steps described in the SSH Connection section.  
4. On the Segura shell home screen, type in the desired connectivity option:  
   1. SSH port **22**, type `1`, and press **Enter**.  
   2. Telnet port **23**, type `2`, and press **Enter**.  
5. After choosing, type:  
   1. `ssh credential@target_device` or `ssh credential@IP` for SSH connectivity.  
   2. `telnet credential@target_device` or `telnet credential@IP` for Telnet connectivity.  
6. Press **Enter**.

If the protocol and port are already specified, the connection will happen automatically:  
`ssh senhasegura_user[credential@target_device{ssh.22}]@senhasegura_vault -p 22`

After these steps, the connection to a device is ready for use.

---
Do you still have questions? Reach out to the [Segura Community](https://community.Segura.io/){target=`_blank`}.