# DEL | Terminate a remote session

Terminate a proxy session registered in **PAM Core**.

## Requirements
*  Authorization with **access** and **read and write** permission to **PAM Core** granted by the administrator in **A2A**.
Access the document on [How to create an authorization for an application](/v3-33/docs/a2a-how-to-create-an-authorization-for-an-application) for more information.
* Remote session registered in **PAM Core**. 
Access the document on [How to configure a remote session (proxy)](/v3-33/docs/pam-session-configure-remote-session-proxy) for more information.



## Request

 <code><span style="color:red">DEL</code></span> `api/pam/session/drop/[session_id]`

## Request parameters

Send the parameter below in the <b>path</b> of the URL.

<summary><code>session_id</code> - <b>string</b> - <span style="color:red">required</span> - Unique hash generated by senhasegura to exclusively identify a specific session.</summary>
<p><b>Note</b>: this value is automatically assigned by senhasegura when the session is created and is obtained in the response to the request <a href="/v3-33/docs/api-get-list-all-remote-sessions">GET | List all remote sessions</a>.</p>



  ### Example request

<code><span style="color:red">DEL</code></span> `{{url}}/api/pam/session/drop/1dbd4cdcf4b*************9554cd6308975`
  
  
  
  ## ## Response 
 ```json
HTTP/1.1 200 OK 
```
```json
{
    "code": 200,
    "response": {
        "status": 200,
        "message": "Sessão interrompida com sucesso",
        "error": false,
        "error_code": 0,
        "detail": "",
        "mensagem": "Sessão interrompida com sucesso",
        "erro": false,
        "cod_erro": 0
    }
}
```



## Errors


<details>
<summary><b><span style="color:red">404</span> - Not Found</b>.</summary>

***

<p><b>Mensagem: "Resource sub not found"</b>
<p><b>Possível causa</b>: a URL ou o recurso solicitado não está correto.<br>
        
<b>Solução</b>: verifique a URL e envie a requisição novamente.</p>
***
</details>

<details>
 
<summary><b><span style="color:red">500</span> - Internal Server Error</b></summary>

***
    
<b>Message: "Unexpected error."</b><br>
 
<p><b>Possible cause</b>: the error is in the senhasegura server.<br>
        
<b>Solution</b>: contact the support team for more information.</p>

***

<b>Message: "You are not authorized to access this resource."</b>

<p><b>Possible cause</b>: you don’t have the authorization to access this resource.<br>
        
<b>Solution</b>: ask the administrator to check your permission to access the <b>Web Proxy Session</b> resources in <b>A2A</b>.</p>

* * *
<b>Message: "An error occurred while droping session."</b>

<p><b>Possible cause</b>: there was an error while terminating the session.<br>
        
<b>Solution</b>: check the <code>session_id</code> and resend the request.</p>
    
* * *    
 </details>   

  

<details>
<summary><b>Client authentication failed</b></summary>

*** 
   
<b>Message: "Client authentication failed."</b>
<p><b>Possible cause</b>: failure in your application authentication with the senhasegura server. <br>
        
<b>Solution</b>: check the authentication parameters such as <code>Access Token URL</code>, <code>Client ID</code> e <code>Client secret</code> and request a new access token.</p>
 
* * *   
</details>
     
  

<details>
<summary><b>Invalid signature</b></summary>

*** 
    
<b>Message: "Invalid signature"</b>
    
<p><b>Possible cause</b>: failure in recognizing the URL of the client application.
        
<b>Solution</b>: check the URL of the client application and resent the request.</p>

* * * 
</details>
     

<details>
<summary><b>No route matched with those values</b></summary>
    
***   
    
<b>Message: "No route matched with those values."</b>
<p><b>Possible cause</b>: the authorization header is missing in the API request.<br>
        
<b>Solution</b>: request a new access token.</p>
   
 * * *
</details>
 

<details>
<summary><b> Request timed out</b></summary>
    
***
    
<b>Message: "Request timed out."</b>
<p><b>Possible cause</b>: the request time has expired.<br>
        
<b>Solution</b>: check the connectivity between the source of the request and the senhasegura server.</p>
</details>




