# How to generate a TOTP authentication token

Time-Based One-Time Password (TOTP) is a type of two-factor authentication (2FA) that adds a layer of protection to the authentication process.

This document will show you how to set up TOTP directly on senhasegura **PAM** credentials.

:::(Error) (Alert)
For the TOTP feature to work correctly, enter your secret key in upper case.
:::

## Generate TOTP authentication token

1. In senhasegura, access the credentials page through the path **Grid Menu** > **PAM Core** > **Credentials** > **All**. A list of all credentials will be displayed.
2. In the **Action** column, click on the icon represented by the three vertical dots and select **Details** from the drop-down menu.
3. In the open pop-up window, you'll find the **Token OTP** field at the top bar. This is your authentication token, which is renewed automatically every 30 seconds. Copy and paste this token into the page you want to log in to.

:::(Info) (Info)
You can accelerate the generation of the OTP Token using the refresh button, which is represented by the icon with two clockwise arrows. In this way, you can accelerate the display of the next token when the old one is about to expire. The token update in the **Token OTP** field will only occur if the new token has been generated.
:::

:::(Info) (Info)
The TOTP token, generated by senhasegura, can be used to automate authentication in web sessions for applications with MFA activated and also to automate password changes on devices that also have MFA TOTP activated, using [Execution template tags](/docs/en/execution-template-tags).
:::

## Important considerations about automated access to social networks

When accessing social networks, it's important to note that you'll face challenges related to the dynamics of these platforms. These challenges can impact your interaction with these social networks when using the senhasegura TOTP automation. These challenges may include the following:

* **Frequent updates:** social networks frequently change the structure and layout of their pages without warning, which can prevent automation templates from working correctly.
* **Dynamic security checks:** social networks implement strict security measures. Checks such as location confirmation, captchas, and other validations beyond the control of senhasegura's platform are standard. Furthermore, these checks can vary from user to user and session to session. Because of this, security checks, such as **Trust this browser**, may be required with each new access.

:::(Warning) (Important)
Social networks sometimes implement security mechanisms against attacks and unauthorized access. If the password for a social network can't be changed automatically, access the social network through senhasegura to make sure you don't have to solve a CAPTCHA. If necessary, solve the CAPTCHA manually so that the automatic change works. We recommend that you don't change your password more than twice a day, as some social networks implement extra checks in these scenarios for security reasons.
:::

---

Do you still have questions? Reach out to the [senhasegura Community](https://community.senhasegura.io/).
